Welcome back.
How is the exercise hopefully wasn't too difficult.
But if it was and you weren't able to finish it.
Don't worry we're going to go over the steps and luckily for you once we do this you'll have a template
that you can use for all your websites because what will build will be something responsive that you
can customize to your own liking but you least know the best practices after this video of how to do
these common patterns that we see in a lot of Web sites.
So let's get started.
The first thing I want to do to convert this page is well a few things.
Let's go to the e-mail page first and let's start off with the navigation that is the header over here.
A lot of Web sites have some sort of a header at the top.
The first thing I want to do is to actually use semantic HTML and be more descriptive in what are doing.
So in our case instead of Dave I'm going to use the nav Ishimaru element and this is something that
we've already talked about and instead of just having Hetter here I'm going to have a UL class or UL
element that will have a class name of Main
and in here we can just have ally elements that will have an anchor tag and because we don't really
have we won't have any links for this example we can obviously do whatever new shemale page that we
want to reference but for now we can just leave it blank.
So the first one will just say be about and we can copy and paste this for the other items as well.
We'll have let's just say products will say our team.
And then finally we'll have contact if I saved this and refresh.
There is our navigation doesn't look very good does it in real life.
Most of the time we see the navigation at the top and sometimes we also see that there's navigation
links at the top and one all the way to the right that's pushed to the right edge.
Such as contacts.
So let's try and do that where we have about products in our team at the top over here and then contacts
all the way to the right at the very edge.
So for that we can create a new class at the very last item that we want to let's say push and we'll
add the CSSA classes.
Now if I go to our let's say this first if I go to style see SS We can create our navigation here now.
We have the main nav class which we've created and in here we want to use fluxbox.
So I'm going to say display flex to activate flex box sounds cool when I say activate fluxbox.
I want to make sure I remove these little dots in front of the names so I can just say the list style
none which will remove these little pointers.
And let's say that we want the font size to be let's say 0.7.
Yeah.
Fi save and refresh your.
All right things are a little bit better but still not perfect.
One is we want to remove any margins.
So I'm going to say Marjan 0.
If I refresh.
All right we've removed some margins but still not pretty we want to perhaps at some spaces in between
these things I'm going to just have the class which is our navigation items and I'll just say that we
want the padding to be 20 pixels I refresh.
That's a lot better.
OK.
And just to clean things up let's say that our anchor tags.
We also want them to be able to have a color of let's just use five five six five refresh it's nice
and whitish that looks good.
And we don't want those underline so I'm going to say text decoration not refresh.
All good now because I want to start structuring this as a actual web page.
I'm going to go to our zone class and just remove our padding and margin because we don't really need
it.
Refresh your things they're going to start looking ugly but at least we've moved all this whitespace
and then finally our display.
We're no longer going to use inline block.
We want to start using our flex box or CSSA grid.
In our case our main nav is going to have flex display so we don't need our in line block anymore.
We're going to save and refresh.
And that's a lot better because devs are automatically blocked our displays for these bottom ones are
now going to just be blocks.
But our top one our NAV bar has flex now which is great but you'll notice here we have a bit of a white
gap and this is very common when you're working with the SS.
Sometimes browsers by default have some sort of CSSA attached to them.
In this case in Google Chrome our body aliment already has some predefined CSSA classes that are pre-built
by chrome so we can actually remove those and make sure that our margins are zero.
By saying margin.
Auto zero.
And this is something I'll make sure I spell that right.
This is something that you'll see a lot of and you'll do a lot of when it comes to just making sure
that the styles are at least the margins are correct.
When you start off sort of high refresh your look at that margins are on and everything just filled
on the page which is great.
The last thing I want to do is to move contacts all the way up to the right and remember the push class
that we added.
Well that's going to be super easy to do.
All we need to do is to add a push CSSA class that says margin left to be auto and with this auto if
I refresh contact's goes all the way to the right.
If I inspect this element.
So I just right click and click on inspect and let's make this a little bit bigger so we can see if
I hover over ally push here.
We see that each element has its own box but because we did margin left.
Auto our ally element.
It's going to get automatically push because it has this automatic margin that it creates to the very
end.
If I did Marjane right for example and I refresh your
margin would now actually be all the way to the right to fill up the entire width of the viewport.
But let's go back to left.
Let's go back to the left save and refresh here.
The neat part about this is that with this margin left.
Auto I can now resize our page and you'll see that contact's is always going to be to our right.
This is something that you'll see in a lot of Web sites and we did that fairly fast.
Not too bad right.
The last thing I want to fix here is as you'll notice as we get closer and closer it kind of overlaps
our team.
And well now we have this weird little contacts that overflows.
How can we fix this.
Let's tackle that in the next video.